Hello Madam this is the whole report of my work go through this you will get the the brief knowledge about my work

first i go through the mail fully and noticed every point that you send to me from that i understood what are the things i need to do

What are the things i understood from the mail are
1.I need to use sock shop project open source code
2. Need to perfrom TDD and integration testing 
3.Deploy it in docker and then use the integration testing

What i had done in this assignments are mentioned below
1. I downloaded the sock shop project and execute it in my local server then i perform manual integration testing from that i identified the missing documents like
  a)docs.html
  b)quickstart.html
  c)api.html

This made me to use automatic testing process because it's a tideous task to check all the missing links so i used python to data scrap the every link from the original website the scraping.ipynb file i had attached in my github you may take a look.

Then i used TDD - Test Driven Development method Red-Green-Refactoring menthod. The method was first i identify the bug then i rewrite the code and then refactor into my local server. Examples of my work are mentioned below.

by using this i firstly identify missing of docs.html and the i extract the code from original website then refactor it.i did as same to quickstart.html and api.html. then i changed the wrong mapping of css file in index.html


2. After using both manual and automation integration testing finally attained the bug free website thanks to your guidance links i found is very useful to finish this job.


3. Then i deployed my website by using docker process involved to deploy the website
  a)First i create a image by using -- docker build -t htmlapp:0.1 .
  b)then i check if the image is created or not by using -- docker image ls -- and it created successfully
  c)Then i created container by using the command -- docker container run -d --name htmlapp -p 8080:8080 htmlapp:0.1
  d)the i check whether it is created oor not by using -- docker container ps --- the container is created and deployed successfully website can be able to view at 127.0.0.1:8080 localhost ip address

4.  Finally i submitted my entire code in github and i sended the mail to you